>> Brian Holt: I need you to, if you
haven't already, go clone the GitHub repo.
So if you've taken
the complete intro to React,
obviously what I have in
the docs in the repo is going to
differ very slightly from what I've
actually written in the course.
Because some of that's written on the fly,
and there's questions and
so on and so forth.
So I'm actually just gonna start with
a fresh, clean clone of the repo.
So I'm gonna say,
>> Brian Holt: Right here,
get clone git@gitHub.com.btholt this.
>> Brian Holt: You can get this URL as
well just by going to the repo, clone or
download, copy that,
the screen button here clone or download.
>> Brian Holt: And then, I'm gonna go
into this and then paste that there,
git clone that, okay?
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and then I'm going to
go into the repo that I just cloned and
I'm going to say npm install.
>> Brian Holt: So probably a good idea
every single time that you go from
module to module after this.
To you can just either clone
a new repo if you want to or
at least run an npm install again,
up to you.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
>> Brian Holt: So
I'm gonna open this in code.
>> Brian Holt: So let's just get you
acquainted with this project really
quickly.
I'll just do it here from code.
If you go look in your package.json,
>> Brian Holt: It's
using parcel to build this.
It's a React project, it has ESLint and
Prettier built into it.
If you have questions about
any of these things, again,
refer to the intro to React.
It has a frontendmasters/pet client,
which will make API requests for
you to see animals to adopt.
And it uses reach/router, as well.
Down here you can see that
you have some scripts to use.
So one of these here, if you need to clear
the build cache for whatever reason,
there is a clear build cache
function here that will remove that.
There is a dev thing which
will run this project.
So if I open my client right on,
say npm run dev.
It'll start running the developer
server that I can reach that.
If for whatever reason you're offline, or
our API isn't working the way that you're
expecting it to, you can do dev:mock.
So like this, whoops, npm run dev:mock.
And this will run the API
client in mock mode,
which means that you'll be getting
fake data and it won't be going out.
So if you're on the train
watching these videos offline,
thanks Front End Masters for
doing offline videos.
You can actually run
this client offline and
the entire project works offline,
which is cool.
Okay, you can run npm, run format which
will format everything with Prettier.
And lint it, and then my favorite
are the existing tests that if you
send npm run test" it says,
log there are no tests, [LAUGH] right.
No test specified, right there.
That's it, so right now I'm gonna run
this in npm run dev mode, like that.
And this will open
a development server on 1234.
>> Brian Holt: Eventually, there we go.
>> Brian Holt: And this is the project
that we built together in the complete
intro, right?
So as of writing results,
it's location is in Seattle.
So if I submit here,
this will open these particular animals.
The only two locations this
works in right now is Seattle,
Washington and San Francisco California.
We'll work to make this work
in every location, but for
now it's only working
in these two locations.
I'll look at Theo, you're adorable.
>> Brian Holt: And so
here you can click adopt Theo.
If you click Yes,
it'll actually take you to the adoption
page where you can adopt Theo.
>> Brian Holt: So go back.
>> Brian Holt: And then you can select,
if you move from dog to horse,
>> Brian Holt: You can
see it changes the breeds of
the horses like miniature
horses,
>> Brian Holt: Like Gidget.
>> Brian Holt: And then you can change
the theme of your application as well.